feat(webhooks): add explanation and code sample for webhook signature (#116)
nckhell/awell-developers: content/awell-orchestration/developer-tools/webhooks/security.mdx

We value security & privacy, especially because we're handling sensistive healthcare data. As a company, we're doing our best to stay ahead of attackers by fixing and guarding the loopholes in our systems.

Outlined below are the strategies we use to facilitate security when working with webhooks

### Digital signature

> Webhooks are digitally signed using a 2048 bits RSA key specific to your account. The signature is generated from the webhook body and is included in a custom `x-awell-signature` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that messages are legitimate, both the webhook provider (Awell) and client (you) can perform signature verification on the messages. If the signatures match, the message is valid. If not, the message has been tampered with and should be rejected.

Webhooks are digitally signed using a 2048 bits RSA key specific to your tenant. The signature is generated from the webhook body and is included in a custom `x-awell-signature` header. When you receive the webhook message, you can use the public key to verify the signature.
```
